Update docs about inventory page to show new host details flyout (#3328)
elastic/observability-docs: docs/en/observability/monitor-infra/host-details-partial.asciidoc

`idle`, `zombie`, and `unknown`.

|=== 
====

[%collapsible]
.*Logs*
====

[role="screenshot"]
image::images/logs-overlay.png[Host logs]

The *Logs* tab displays logs relating to the host that you have selected. By default, the logs tab displays the following columns. 

|=== 

| *Timestamp* | The timestamp of the log entry from the `timestamp` field. 

| *Message* | The message extracted from the document.
The content of this field depends on the type of log message.
If no special log message type is detected, the {ecs-ref}/ecs-base.html[Elastic Common Schema (ECS)]
base field, `message`, is used.

|=== 

You can customize the logs view by adding a column for an arbitrary field you would like
to filter by. For more information, refer to <<customize-stream-page,Customize Stream>>.
To view the logs in the {logs-app} for a detailed analysis, click *Open in Logs*.
====

[%collapsible]
.*Anomalies*
====

[role="screenshot"]
image::images/anomalies-overlay.png[Anomalies]

The *Anomalies* table displays a list of each single metric {anomaly-detect} job for the specific host. By default, anomaly

> jobs are sorted by time to show the most recent job. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
jobs are sorted by time, showing the most recent jobs first. 
```
Maybe not necessary, but I got hung up on this sentence, thinking of "time to show the most recent job" was a way to sort.

{ml-docs}/ml-gs-results.html[Anomaly Explorer in {ml-app}]. You can also select *Actions -> Show in Inventory* to view the host
Inventory page, filtered by the specific metric. 
====

[%collapsible]
.*Osquery*
====

[IMPORTANT]
=====
You must have an active {fleet-guide}/elastic-agent-installation.html[{agent}] with an assigned agent policy
that includes the {integrations-docs}/osquery_manager.html[Osquery Manager]
integration and have Osquery {kibana-ref}/kibana-privileges.html[{kib} privileges] as a user.
=====

[role="screenshot"]
image::images/osquery-overlay.png[Osquery]

The *Osquery* tab allows you to build SQL statements to query your host data.
You can create and run live or saved queries against
the {agent}. Osquery results are stored in {es}
so that you can use the {stack} to search, analyze, and
visualize your host metrics. To create saved queries and add scheduled query groups,
refer to {kibana-ref}/osquery.html[Osquery].

In the example above, we query for the top 5 memory hogs running on the host.
Under the *Results* tab, the total virtual memory size (`total_size` renamed to

> `memory_used` to be a little more user friendly) is returned in descending order,

Reviewer: It looks like the new screenshot doesn't show the **Results** or **Status** tab, so the user won't see it in the example. Not sure if this would maybe be more meaningful showing those tabs, if the tabs still exist?

Author: @mdbirnstiehl Good catch! I should have checked the new screen to make sure it had the query details. Unfortunately this screen requires a setup I don't currently have. When I enter the query shown in the screen capture and click Submit, it doesn't do anything (probably because I haven't installed the agent).

I also think it's not great that we refer to an example query that _only_ appears in the screen capture (not great for accessibility).

To get this merged today, I am going to remove the content that I can't validate and follow up with Roshan tomorrow about getting an updated screen shot. Thanks!

Author: I'm going to leave the bit about the tabs because I'm pretty sure they still exist, but I will confirm when I see the updated screenshot.

Opened an issue to make sure we get that screenshot updated: https://github.com/elastic/observability-docs/issues/3350
